Updating Scaling Chapter (ch2) (#13947)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/cloud-native/scale-dotnet-applications.md

> 

Reviewer: this article file name should probably be rename to just scale-applications.md to avoid repeating words in the path

Reviewer: also, do you mind updating the description so it describes what this specific file is covering?

## The simple solution: scaling up

> The process of upgrading existing servers to give them more resources (CPU, memory, disk I/O speed, network I/O speed) is known as *scaling up*. In cloud native applications, scaling up doesn't typically refer to purchasing and installing actual hardware on physical machines so much as choosing a more capable plan from a list of options available. Cloud native apps typically scale up by modifying the virtual machine (VM) size used to host the individual nodes in their Kubernetes node pool. Kubernetes concepts like nodes, clusters, and pods are described further in [the next section](leverage-containers-orchestrators.md). Azure supports a wide variety of VM sizes running both [Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/sizes?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) and [Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes). To vertically scale your application, create a new node pool with a larger node VM size and then migrate workloads to the new pool. This requires [multiple node pools for your AKS cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-multiple-node-pools), which is currently in preview.

Reviewer: you need to spell out AKS on first usage 

```suggestion
The process of upgrading existing servers to give them more resources (CPU, memory, disk I/O speed, network I/O speed) is known as *scaling up*. In cloud-native applications, scaling up doesn't typically refer to purchasing and installing actual hardware on physical machines so much as choosing a more capable plan from a list of options available. Cloud-native apps typically scale up by modifying the virtual machine (VM) size used to host the individual nodes in their Kubernetes node pool. Kubernetes concepts like nodes, clusters, and pods are described further in [the next section](leverage-containers-orchestrators.md). Azure supports a wide variety of VM sizes running both [Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/sizes?toc=%2fazure%2fvirtual-machines%2fwindows%2ftoc.json) and [Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes). To vertically scale your application, create a new node pool with a larger node VM size and then migrate workloads to the new pool. This requires [multiple node pools for your Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-multiple-node-pools), which is currently in preview.
```

Reviewer: On the last sentence when you simply say "which is currently in preview", it seems like you're referring to AKS cluster, no?

Maybe if you said "which is a functionality currently in preview" would make it more clear?

> ## Scaling out Cloud Native apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scaling out cloud-native apps
```

> Cloud Native apps support scaling out by adding additional nodes or pods to service requests. This can be accomplished manually by adjusting configuration settings for the app (for example, [scaling a node pool](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-multiple-node-pools#scale-a-node-pool-manually)), or through *autoscaling*. Autoscaling adjusts the resources used by an app in order to respond to demand, similar to how a thermostat responds to temperature by calling for additional heating or cooling. When using autoscaling, manual scaling is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud-native apps support scaling out by adding additional nodes or pods to service requests. This can be accomplished manually by adjusting configuration settings for the app (for example, [scaling a node pool](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-multiple-node-pools#scale-a-node-pool-manually)), or through *autoscaling*. Autoscaling adjusts the resources that are used by an app to respond to demand, similar to how a thermostat responds to temperature by calling for additional heating or cooling. When using autoscaling, manual scaling is disabled.
```

AKS clusters can scale in one of two ways:

- The [cluster autoscaler](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/cluster-autoscaler) watches for pods that can't be scheduled on nodes because of resource constraints. It adds additional nodes as required.
- The **horizontal pod autoscaler** uses the Metrics Server in a Kubernetes cluster to monitor the resource demands of pods. If a service needs more resources, the autoscaler increases the number of pods.

Figure 2-1 shows the relationship between these two scaling services.

> ![Scaling out an App Service plan.](./media/aks-cluster-autoscaler.png)

Reviewer: Label is showing inline. Adding two spaces to break the line

```suggestion
![Scaling out an App Service plan.](./media/aks-cluster-autoscaler.png)  
```

**Figure 2-1**. Scaling out an App Service plan.

> These services can also decrease the number of pods or nodes as needed. These two services can work together and are often deployed together in a cluster. When combined, the horizontal pod autoscaler is focused on running the number of pods required to meet application demand. The cluster autoscaler is focused on running the number of nodes required to support the scheduled pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These services can also reduce the number of pods or nodes as needed. These two services can work together and are often deployed together in a cluster. When combined, the horizontal pod autoscaler is focused on running the number of pods required to meet application demand. The cluster autoscaler is focused on running the number of nodes required to support the scheduled pods.
```
